he's based
on
laws bankruptcy
today it
is
plus bill
in it
ms b
dollars bow
as yoda
no
it's boring
you know
it's boy
well
in nineteen eighty
four
the eighty
eight day of the battle
the day
of the others
do
you're welcome
a party
there's beer
nice work
yeah
you know
the pope
like everybody of a white and the management thing we're probably a year pay
the honoree in the backyard ok
i'm going to put the light on here so i can be
that we all know we traditionally the blind student success
in terms of what was good news in college in terms of the time honored grade point average or if we wanted to a minimal kind of
bomb success having courses and finishing their degree program
and it won a look at a high level we've divided in terms of receiving honors the various kinds and then after college we
look at success in terms of the things that the entry to graduate school war or perhaps oh what kind of graduate school you're able to enter how we believe
in those or whether we get a job and especially work what kind of job indeed how much of haiti's
wanting to have been used in many cases measures of fix that but in a sense these are all when one way or another traditional academic
ok
all their earnings for example it's like that's probably the quote won in a sense of the gpa
the post college or so these things are all connected activity all are measures of success now the promise of my caucus afternoon
is that while there's nothing inherently wrong or simple about these traditional measures arm there are simply not enough
and if we preserved in linking our conception of it and fix thats or limiting our competitive in fact that in the way
we're selling short not only our institutions and our students but also testify at the portsmouth winning writer explain why i
believe so
there's mounting evidence that the quality of civic life and civic engagement in the united states have been eroding in recent years or was the provinces
along when an iowa one of the waiver but when to this review imagine a few of these things shape the race relations growing economic disparity and inequities
excessive materialism the cane inner cities a deteriorating infrastructure are weakening public school system and you're responsible
mass media declining civic engagement and the increasing enough in the increasing effect excuse for decreasing effectiveness
of government all agencies and people remain just that live in a democracy of course citizen disengagement from politics and
government ineffectiveness not only go hand in hand but also cripple our capacity to educate a new generation of leaders in government business
along medicine authority and other advanced professions
since our colleges and universities educate each new generation of leaders in these fields and train all the personnel who teach the entire population
of the pre collegiate level
we in the higher education community must bear some responsibility for the societal problems that the spurs so much
apparently are graduates are not successful and not in these other areas it began to solving social problems and
indeed they have become a part of the problem and considering that our higher education system is generally regarded as the finest one of the world we need
to ask ourselves where have we gone wrong
the more i reflect on the problems confronting higher education in larger society the more i became convinced that at the heart of these problems
in trying to effect positive social change is a question of beliefs and as those of you who heard the tuesday night well and
this is sort of my current preoccupation by this i mean not only our beliefs about what students success means but also our beliefs about the meaning and purpose
of a liberal education and are you are you of the role that higher education should play in the larger society to speak of success means
very little and makes little sense unless we also consider the issue of success and what an in other words our beliefs about hidden successor
closely tied to our beliefs about the purpose of education and the role of higher education in the society the problem's not just for their beliefs
about these matters but also that the police remain largely on examined and on exposed while we discuss and debate the educational policies
and practices that emanate from
why we are educating our students has to do with the relationship between higher education and society
but different people hold very different views about this relationship and it's important that we expose and identify and recognize and honor these
different views an extreme view which would probably be in court by only a small number of our core academic the leader with the truth perhaps
robert maynard hutchins is that the university should remain waldock from the external world practical of errors so students can learn and studied and
faculty can pursue truth and the stir by worldly distractions and i would call it the ivory tower you'd what
we're all about
now the ivory tower concept might have a certain appeal appeal for some of my academic colleagues and i must admit i know you have a great deal of appeal it
could not and never will represent a viable conception i'll higher education and its role in modern american
society like it or not higher education is a creature of society it's sanctioned and supported by that society and has interned
whether that self serve that society in its mission statement since catalogs and other public pronouncements other words we're sort of on on the hope
here in our rhetoric an alternative belief system which seems to dominate discussions of educational policy these days is what
i perhaps been charitably like to call the peg board view of what we're trying to do
one of the more views than six
of how prepared the student is for work the peg board you also is what drives what i like to call
the competitiveness argument solve with these appear together because they mirror wins
this is the dominant belief system not only are captives are captains of industry but also most politicians and policymakers not to mention many students teachers
and parents
the idea here is that higher education must deliver more people with expertise in science technology and modern management techniques so that america's economy can remain competitive
with the economy the western europe and especially with emerging economies on the pacific rim my main problem with a peg board and compare and competitiveness abuse is
that they represent an extremely limited conception not only of the role of higher education but also of what the larger society at all about when we consider
the major problems plaguing our society
it's very difficult to imagine how the peg board you win the competitive you are going to contribute much of this simply to build job lock on
the labor market certainly is not going to do the trick when it comes to dealing with problems like hiv arctic the king inner cities two are racial problems
for the inequities in the distribution well and so forth
now at close cousin of the big war you have what i like to call a private economic benefit you or the consumer you point about
what we're all about and the at that particular viewpoint argues that the purpose of higher education is too
enable people to read more apple uncomfortable lives and a lot of the politicians like the advocate dispute global populace you as they see it for the more education
you get the more money you can make and even the rat to live in terms of productivity
argument that you do with productivity
and even if we were to accept the other argument that private economic benefit provide the main coptic patient for our existence as educational institutions
this particular beliefs have been the extremely limited because it has little to say about how the society as a whole is served by such an approach you
know there were like maybe a laudable goal to contribute to the economic comfort and wellbeing of those citizens who were fortunate enough to enter and complete higher education
this viewpoint have little to say about what's going to happen to people and don't go to college or complete college north that doesn't say anything about how
if all the many other social economic problems that i've mentioned earlier we'll be addressed by such an approach an entirely different kind of belief system
is implied in the various public pronouncements that i've already alluded to that we make in our mission statements and catalogs in presidential
fate of the college reports and so forth in many ways these sometimes lofty statements come as close as anything that john gillies conception of the proper
role of education in society if we were to study the mission statement that in fact meet some of our brightest
the mission statement of a randomly selected group of american higher education patients we would sell them if ever find any mention of private economic
benefits international competitiveness or killings was in the labor market on the contrary when it comes to describing its educational mission
that the university will use such language as preparing students for responsible citizenship developing character developing future
leaders preparing students for society and so on in other words a brutal believe our own rhetoric those of us who were in the academy
see ourselves as serving it and promoting in strengthening our particular form of democratic self government we might prefer
that path the citizenship or the fort worth concept of our mission
walk like a belief system does not preclude individual economic benefits or killings watson the labor market or enhancing economic competitiveness
the central focus is on responsible for this initiative and sort of the citizenship you i would argue implies a much
broader conception of student success and the other view clearly the manner in which we approach this issue of student success
will depend heavily on which of the belief system that we embrace
success in life one thing if we see ourselves simply as helping young people will eat more comfortable with apple id laws but quite another thing if we see ourselves
of working together to strengthen our society and our democracy
given the current state of our democracy in our society i would argue that we have no choice but to embrace this view
the problem of course is that if you look at the typical american college or university curriculum and his co curriculum its teaching and personnel practices and the values
that government's administrative policies it's very typical fine much evidence about or commitment preparing students for responsible citizenship most
patients have simply not put their citizenship
into practice
like a growing interest in service and civic engagement within the academy and this is a very healthy development it seems to me there's a lot more we can do to really knew and revitalize
civic engagement and democracy in the us in the classroom for example we can start getting more attention for the development of those personal qualities
which are crucial to say that life and effective democratic self government and by defining qualities such as self understanding you know that's kind of
the basis of all the great philosophical religious tradition where is that in the curriculum i have a hard time finding self understanding listening skills
leadership and to be honest the generosity the the ability to work collaboratively
most elite qualities example kayak what aereo would call emotional intelligence we can also begin to introduce the concept of civic
responsibility and citizenship in the faculty discussions the correct theory form such a shift in our correct our discussions would be easy to justify
given the fact that as i've said our catalog mission statement for all full of that kind of rhetoric and given some very promising current developments in the curriculum area
and i'm thinking here of the emphasis on multiculturalism in the environment as just two examples we can also build on these efforts by introducing general education content
that focuses more directly on issues of contemporary american civic light and democracy and well i mean by this the central role of information and
the mass media theory of them are things that you have a formal letter to the work or i don't think the mass media or exactly without problems in this
area the possible causes of declining civic engagement and declining trust in government the escalating role of money in politics the
growing corporate influence and soul that along with the bees and we could do much more to institutionalize service warning both in the general education curriculum
and in the major and i think we can all do this and those who complain that requiring service the militias that all i can say is
that we diminish english comp by requiring a week we require what we value
so we make a value statement when we require something with what i really suggesting here is that we can begin to broaden our conception of student success to include
anyone comment on the part of the institution to renewing civic life and civic engagement in american society
and we can manifest that commitment by embracing significant changes in our curriculum teaching practices reward system community relations and most
importantly in the values and beliefs that guide our policies and practices
i might endure that are narrow definition of student success is in many ways parallel to our narrow approach the defining finally success
and the research universities we pay lip service to the importance of teaching mentoring and universities service but the fact is that the faculty success
is defined nearly exclusively in many places in terms of research and scholarship by the fall important finally collins like a good
college which are so critical to creating a real academic community get little or no way in judging the professional footsteps of are calling
in mike patton lecture on tuesday evening i discussed are traditional beliefs about what makes our institutions excellent and forgive me for
repeating myself but they're a lot more people here and a veteran and so at least either refresh you were your memory in this report the gospel according to sandy so
i don't mind preaching at once more
most of us the pirates once in terms of either of their the resources that we have and i've got a new charter you guys who are eager to see the quake
and now i'm getting quantitative about this
where we live wire rack with in terms of what we have and what others think of us this is
what i would call the egocentric approached the defining excellence and end up
and while and while there's nothing inherently wrong we have to have resources to function we have to have reputations to attract students and faculty when we concentrate
on these at the end at the ultimate definition of our excellence we again diminish an end and the value student
learning a lot and as i had argued tuesday night that that what we really need to move toward the concept of excellence that
based on how fact that we were able to educate our students but effectiveness and statistics that's being seen in much broader terms
my concern about the reputational and resources conception is that they fail to address directly our basic societal purposes with teaching public service not we don't need
these rare resource a reputation but paradoxically it can also cause for neglect our report commissioned the irony of that the government
become more focused on acquiring refer to an hour then in nurturing and developing the research now that for us
the roots love the radio are most intractable problems in academia i would argue can be found in this preoccupation with resource
acquisition and reputational and handsome when you just quickly review these guys are familiar to all of those and yet we don't normally think about the midterms
of how vera price all our beliefs about what makes perfect
for example the valuing of research over teaching and the struggle between equity and excellence and the issue of individualism versus
community are all in one way or another connected to our beliefs about the importance of acquiring more resources and enhancing our reputation we
value research more than teaching because we believe that outstanding scientists and scholars will have more to our reputation and resources that we'll outstanding teachers
or mentors and when we define our excellence in terms of the test scores of the entering students a high five points and the thing you hear
is a resource
that enhances our reputation we set our sense of excellence in direct conflict with our desire to promote educational opportunities for those groups or societies
that support for them at a competitive disadvantage
finally when we placed the highest value in the individuals finally accomplishments of our students and faculty we reinforced their competitive in individual individualistic tendencies
making it very difficult for them to develop those qualities that help promote a sense of community on the campus and again i mean good colleague ship collaboration
community service citizenship and social responsibility for these latter qualities of course are the same ones that are needed to make any democracy
work if we really mean it when we claim that education is our central mission and student learning should be up the heart of our conception
of excellence i like to call with the civic or our development you love
what our mission is all about
however even we accept this palpable you we strongly than to the question which talents and to what end
as i can for all the ways in which our traditional beliefs about excellence and student success interfere with our ability to improve and strengthen civic life
in american society no problem strikes me as being more important than the education of the so called run media law or under
prepared students now by examining this issue and some that we can begin to see how it might be possible for higher education institutions
not need to broaden our conception of student success but also to become more effective agents of positive social change
if we fail to develop more effective interventions for our so called romeo or developmental students will find it very difficult to make much headway
in resolving some of our most pressing social and economic problems and by this i mean unemployment crime welfare healthcare
racial tensions the mal distribution of wealth and citizen disengagement from the political process i say this first because under prepared
students are have historically been the ones most likely to drop out of at any level of education and second because a person's
with relatively low levels of educational attainment account for a disproportionate number of welfare recipients prison inmates poor people the unemployed
and people who don't work
beyond this the issue of race relations and affirmative action are intimately connected to the issue on the preparations since we've created a competitive hierarchical
system which dispenses privilege on the basis of measures that we come again with sex fascinated with the epa and the test scores that put our
two largest racial minority groups at a competitive disadvantage
if our educational system allocate its resources more equitably across these various groups by socioeconomic and race measures there'd be
little need for affirmative action
it goes without saying that the under prepared students have a kind of a pariah in american higher education and some of the reasons are obvious since most of us believe that our
exports depends on enrolling more and more of the very best prepared students
to admit under prepared students would pose a real threat or a sense of excellence why would any sane institution want to do this
but here republicans conditions encounter a bit of a butt one of sinful law and many states requires the least some under prepared students be given an opportunity
to pursue postsecondary education happen this be done so we don't put our x once address the answer chorus is that we've created a higher public
systems where the least well prepared students are consigned to either a community colleges or a relatively non selective public colleges and
one selective institution find themselves forced to admit a key wonderful character hadn't for example to maintain competitiveness in division one aa works
and probably on the ferry nobody more under prepare them division one a revenue sports athletes
they like wives avoid having much contact with the student by hiring part time tutors and part time instructors from the outside to do the work
these tracking practices exert a subtle but powerful influence on the attitudes and beliefs of our students and indeed of the larger society
we're probably going to be influenced much more by what we do in our admissions process for example then by what we say about such things as the quality
of opportunity or multiculturalism for educational equity
by practicing selective admissions using these narrowly defined measures of student success we're sending important value messages we don't value
the education of the students with the war's horrors and we send this message not only to our own students but also to the remedial
students whom we reject for those who must teach them into the larger society no wonder peeking under prepared students is viewed as unglamorous
on important and many and the meaning
why don't while under prepared students make up so uncomfortable
isn't just that they're more difficulty which i believe they are and that their presence on campus threatens our sense of excellence or are there deeper reasons
while our belief about student success and the importance of resource acquisition and reputational amendment are fairly obvious we can see these upon a little
bit of reflection and
there are other believes that we harbor as academics and that had a tremendous effect on our practices that are largely unacknowledged much
less critically examined
and one of these policemen forgive me if those of you read my chronicle higher education
higher rate on the us
one of these police i like to characterize as the importance of being more
now this may sound weapon all what i think if you think about it for a while critically in terms of your of your experience in this institution or any other
perhaps if you will of what i mean there are many other terms like that humans are smart i think growing of creativity intelligence
but for the purposes of our discussion now even more important
my many years is far higher education as a loyal reporting a riff like that one convinces me that much of our fear of remedial students and much of our
unwilling earth again involved in educating them can be traced to our own credibility acceptance of this belief and for the fact that most of us are not even caught me aware
of the power and scope of its influence not that was clearly favor arthritis not only in admissions but in the world of financial aid and also
in the classroom ip right students and mortar institutions and take our classes then this reflect well on her own writers surely we must be
used more departments are so smart
mark and that reflects poorly on us this may help to explain why so many academics keep a very close ally on the average
test scores of me entering freshmen if arrested are getting smarter they were reassured about our own smartphones but if they're getting dumber our sense of our own smart
this is rotten no wonder we hire others to teach remedial students are simply avoid them altogether electric than that
the real problem here is that we value being smart much more than we do developing markets
if our relentless are largely unconscious preoccupation with being smart
we forget that our institutions primary mission is to develop new actual capacities in other capacities of our students not merely to select and certified those
whose intellectual pounds or all what he wrought well developed by the time they come to us this preoccupation with being smart is also part of the reason why we continue to
use measures of student success the gpa and they're like that or that are geared for ranking and writing students rather than the
reflecting how much they're actually working
we although students who get a summer courses didn't put out any upper didn't learn much but they were very smart and very bright very clever when they came to us and they're able to get towards
iran i've already suggested that these assessment devices the chiquita standardized test imply a very narrow standard of smart
guns but they're also a little value of hearing helping students to learn or in helping us to evaluate the success of our pedagogical
efforts we we inflict the same a normative approach with having students on the lower schools such the politicians
and the public now evaluate the quality of these schools simply on the bases of which ones have the smartest students rather
than on the basis of which ones are the most effective educationally and i mean this defective even in terms of this narrow standard of smarts
this approach not only doesn't violence for the wonderful diversity of student talents by forcing them all into a single continuum
but it also it also have the effect of sending a message to the relatively low scoring student your dom you're
lazy you're not college material it's no wonder so many students drop out of the educational system before the average quality
a simplistic yardstick like yes it you're the a c t off as used by many of us as a principal indicator of the students
of the lawyers are our or markers but by doing this we implicitly diminish the great social and cultural importance of the citizens
have talents that i mentioned such as empathy self understanding honestly responsibility leadership and the goatee work collaboratively i might add
here that this narrow approach the defining
in assessing talent or merritt has been turned against us with considerable success by the opponents of affirmative action
i think it'll be very difficult to challenge the traditional notions about student success and educational excellence unless we do it collectively well
american colleges universities can be justifiably proud of their diversity and their autonomy a collection of three thousand institutions simply doing
their individual things that not necessarily make for a coherent or effective system the problem is not that we're also wonderfully different and diverse
but rather that the sum total of our individual and coordinated effort doesn't always add up to a meaningful hole when i really asking here
it's never been a protest in defining our excellence slowly in institutional terms or are we going to be willing to bite the bullet and
take a systems perspective
and explain what i mean by this
unless we can sit down together and collectively began to discuss our systems responsibilities for deciding
our effort to become excellent as individual institutions will continue to thwart our efforts to achieve real educational excellence as a system if
nothing else and then expanded into institutional conversation about the issues that i've been mentioning here at the systems model would make it clear that all of us
in higher education not to mention the rest of the society have a heavy state and broadening our conception of students' success and in
redefining our concept of what makes us next one and in particular on the priority that we must assigned to the effect of education of the under
prepared students
at the state and systems and local levels we have to sit down together all types of institutions and begin a serious discussion of our mutual and build once about
remediation and under preparation
these institutional conversations could also cover a number of other related issues that cry out for collaborative effort ordination expansion of community service and service
warning program community needs local government problem with diversity and multiculturalism sharing resources admissions transfer credit and so forth but
the one that pride that most urgently for attention of the under prepared for remedial snowden
the necessity for us to move away from a purely competitive and individualistic mindset what's good for our institution and two about more of a collaborative work and
social approached the defining student success sent to the under preparation problem becomes clearer when we consider what might happen if one of us were trying to go
along as long as a different car to universities in the state continue to operate independently and persist in their traditional beliefs about excellence
and in the case of it was a lot of state for the region the big bend region any institution automatically puts its excellence that rove's
it that you like really besides to broaden its inception of success and to admit substantially greater numbers of unprepared students or to invest substantial
enormous resources in educating but
if we could be successful in stimulating the kinds of systems discussions of these issues that i'm envisioning hear the conversation would soon begin to focus on the various arguments
that we've traditionally used to defend selective admissions for example of tripoli and the fans is what i like to call the projections are gone
now too put this in a nutshell the protection argument said that we defend the use of these narrow conception since the talent and success
the gp in that score on the grounds of a perfect performance in college and in the day to protect but the projection is less
than ideal but they can predict undeniably the case now imagine
what would happen if our medical health care or to take the same approach that its admissions policy and i draw a parallel
here between medicine and health care and one and education than the other because we're all using in the old analog and the protection argument makes sense
in the case of a business that is trying to compete with other businesses and what the higher that's how it looks like that count for its own purposes the
six feet in competition with this model simply doesn't make sense for education and i think by illustrating this with a medical well what you can see what i mean that
under that kind of a system we would have a large number of popular web they're under on that that are poorly that the airport authorities
and that it will affect it
we would then have a smart group of instant of of our clinics and hospitals that would have gone
barrett with all these barricades back and folklore which is minute our patients with the moderately severe illnesses and then we have a small group of
the week clinics and hospitals with the best paid and best trained staff and all about the most modern apartment which admitted only patients with common calls
and i would make a lot of plans for health care
as black
public interest what civic interest rates or by concentrating the least well prepared students in the institutions with the least resourced
how can such an arrangement be rational life in terms of the larger interests of the community in the safire the fact of the matter is that it came to
see why this is so we can again use the knowledge of medicine
and i think in the case of love of medicine we would create
pass a massive number of untreated or poorly treated people who would then cause us to
go broke if you will trying to rehabilitate them are they would be capable of working their families would write topical brooklyn to pay for their own treatment
on a private basis and so forth so it seems to me that in just the same way that not valuing the education of the other paris and by the way we structure of the nation
we're creating the same kind of problem or cell leader on now we took more of a systems approach for defining statistics after confronting the problem under
preparation it's important to keep in mind that our greatest untapped resource maybe the students themselves
there's probably no other group that's better suited to totally unprepared students then they're better prepared here such peer tutoring could be built
into the curriculum in a systematic fashion everyone would then more pedagogical resources would be invested in the
education of the under prepared and the better prepare students would have an opportunity to master course material in greater depth by teaching at the other as
i said a couple of meetings earlier today i don't think i get over teaching students who don't know what i know
maybe i don't know i
it's such a mentoring tutoring program were expanded to include a variety of service learning opportunities for example for students to work with unprepared students in the public schools the
bonds between higher education and a local community would be great for and
the problem with that are plaguing our contemporary democracy are in many respects the same problems that the tokyo identified more than a century and a half ago
and that is the tension between individualism and community and it acted out at the institutional level fire individual competitiveness in quest for greater
excellence you wanna move up in the pecking order and it and push others down this tension is exacerbated by the mistaken belief that
we are independent all in separate from each other even our most recent research on stage from which i talked about tuesday night highlights the
importance of community the single most important source of influence on the individual student turns out to be a peer group
in light of the reduced funding and other external pressures that we're experiencing today don't think really they're asked do we have the wherewithal to undertake
the kinds of new ventures i've been suggesting the second
in our haste the man the barricades to defend ourselves against external threats we're inclined to forget that the autonomy that we seek to protect may
be the most powerful tool that we have for reshaping our notions of student success and institutional exports more in the
direction of promoting democracy in citizenship there's nobody standing in our way of doing this except ourselves
the fact remains in the final weekend of forget that we still retain control over practically all of the say and that really matter who to admit
and how to admit what horses and what work to require of our students what to teach how to teach it how we assess and evaluate our students
how we define their success how we structure our co worker programs how we hire reward and can hear our colleagues what policies
and procedures we used to govern ourselves and what subject matter we choose in our research
in closing i'd like to emphasize once more than how we define success and how we define excellence is really a matter of our values and beliefs
the initial check for academia at this point is not so much to abandon or will change these traditional beliefs but simply could become
more conscious of them and of their effect on our policies and practices in our professional lives it's one thing to embrace believes that don't serve us well
but quite another to be largely unaware of their influence in a lot this kind of reflective inquiry into our values and believes is sorely
needed in academia for the past few years we've been working with a group of academics from across the country to explore issues related to meaning purpose
and spirituality and academic work and what we found that despite all of the claims that we're objective pat powers many in
the mouth of the one to talk about these issues but we don't have that then you will have the opportunity the problem is that academic institutions
as currently structured all refuse such opportunities for these conversations around values and beliefs and many institutions actively discourage it i
believe in an open inquiry and most deeply felt values and beliefs to our narrow approach to the findings to the success and a preoccupation
with acquiring resources and dancing reputation for being smart and being seen by others as smart have affected practically everything we do and
that many of these effects are contrary not only to our best interest as academics but also the educational mission or institution in the larger society
we need to begin a serious discussion of why we present and defining success so narrowly and why we have come to worship merely being smart
as opposed to the value of developing smart guns and we need to consider our concept of smart grids so that it encompasses many
of those qualities that promotes civic life and social responsibility
such discussions and reflections will almost certainly serve us well not only in our efforts to affect a meaningful reforms in our approach to educating under prepared students
and educating students in general for greater civic responsibility but also to our desire to lead more authentic and productive lives as
academics thanks very much the pittsburgh
ms byford
yeah
no
way
i'm
sorry
graduation
there is a recession
mr holzer
absolutely
or is
it
you never
know
this is
registration
it is
we are and
more
it is
can you hear it
yes
sir
for education it can
eight
this is
it
and the reason why
this is banned
please be aware
but not necessarily
right
now
the state
gene
simmons
and garfunkel technique as just two examples where we have all those remain at the
scientists saying that we want an unusual universities here that responsibility for joe of pages that morning our nod
it
is an active
the centralization of the valley a river but the point is that collectively and the scots think both the content and the teaching
methods that we use in the light you know those are our conception of statistics that might indeed lead us to make some major revisions in the courtroom and in
the technique that that's so when i have a collaborative morning for example and the others in that very compelling and in the sort of warring both
underutilized techniques that out it seemed the obvious relevance to these issues of democracy in citizenship and community
here is our right to question all
these bones
all
ms binns
so
hands
all very effective collaborative learning which is what teaching students is all about one bottle a peer tutoring is another model but they all capitalize
on on the win win game aspect of this where both the student who's
they were very receptive
literally create more educational resource that by going in the direction of your career and why rick warren and i thought if there
are aspects to this credit was well what we a lot of the high value on teaching each other
and we put a high value on our best students helping to slow or spoons or in the case of service warning we were we put a high value on learning which includes
serving others and what's what's remarkable about about the research on this is that it appears that both collaborative
learning and service warning are better forms of instruction in terms of the extensive morning development and it turns
out they do have the positive effect of these approaches on some of the citizenship always i was talking about such as leadership which is genetically enhanced by participating
in community service or courts students learn how to get things done they learn how to work together collaboratively to make things happen and that that's a very empowering
experience as well as an opportunity to really check out the theoretical course content as the harp plays out in the real world sometimes is they discovered
a playoff very well much to the chagrin of us that
are
here
gen
sanchez
i think that
the value of tenure is limited by the way that we conceive of amusement frankly that you like for me i sort of find
myself fighting the hannah beech maple latino come to ucla o'clock in that way and really wonder if i would be so low one
about some of these things that let it happen you know good question i'm not sure i'd like to think that it would make any difference but i don't know the prom
with tenure is that the people mostly to go hat that that's the problem
is our youngest most vulnerable people use of the professors who would want a bean says professor actually anymore and a research university
so in some ways i'll have to wait
till the votes are really brendan intimidated by the process because they don't have a protection and they really didn't steer
their research and they're cleaned your behavior very gingerly police that's like
so i don't know ten year and for sure we have been representative job security and i don't think that really was a really untenable but that's in the way that it's been seen
in and its connection academic freedom think largely lost but for me that's the only value and you're really protect academic freedom
and whether it doesn't like that was so
young
warriors against terrorism and sentenced them ha ha ha
ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha moments bruce dusenberry is being
remade
these
issues before
based on the reporting
i
really don't
but what we did find is the source of that attack on values is not what we likely that is a roll of wire reason that sort of the in
lawrence's very heavily in iran yeah and fortunately there's some memorable
characters the major stores and values
and also sort of different projects that no opportunities that he had a profound effect on certain vowels come mckinnon who for
example connecticut promoting racial understand it as strongly influenced by participation in concert
commitment to own basically the notion of wanting to be a social change at the sense that you can make a guitar that that believe
it straight because most people think that
but those who have the opportunity to experience the service learning actually when they're fully that they became victims
or abandon their poorly that they can't
see any other hand i did i apologize for my cult following around there was no light on my papers and i'm i was really struggling to see my notes i thought
that it was thought that
all around here that i can see in the back or in any other hands
that's
it
this is part of life mr
tony cardell
they see because it's very important for the value that the joint wanting a joyous top of all this what cities are
they wheeled st louis acknowledges that just that what we do know that reality
not talking and in relative terms
you were in a very quantitative it's not the orphans who were not and there are the excessive the germans
would find it the idea that the review that college is to get a better job and make more money and that happened again with these preconceptions of higher education
you know the competitive argument that they were doing so we're and we embrace those viewpoints and of course we're just reinforcing bar that i think
the issue of engaging students who are here are instrumental reasons
is a real challenge but we have some ways are doing our part techniques is united and we mention a couple that clapper wanted very engaging
work in in my five years and i take responsibility for your
reporting
there is a tremendous deterrent effect here are basically trying to collaborate we provide a meaningful servants who are
not very common experiences as constance investor warren are in progress
and fire it like
ha ha ha it's be
nice but
but
see again the police here is a really interesting is that typically and change in ways that sell one property think about how much equity
you're going to exert on behalf of the change over that you don't think of them were
very unstable is the whole point of the evening they literally shape your experience your weekly experience shaped always going to work your
way as well you know so we'd be a net so that our spiritual or we think about police were supported wire rims we go right
then and so i think really there we believe we can change our institutions weekend interview because we have the tools are a process that
happens slowly and resistance
to change an institution is the best evidence that you're making progress paradox a resistance
the pain